if Louie is the truth you're gonna learn
today what's happening YouTube y'all
know me equally man fresh on this
Tuesday morning
fresh off the blog for y'all man quick
fast and in a hurry man shots out to my
boy touch but story get that out the way
the next two videos gonna be a class my
video and all the skins and heads online
okay let me explain it real quick why I
didn't want to put all them together
because once you unlock all the skin
some of you guys might want to play on
the character just with the class mine
and if you reload the shit you gonna
have all the skins in the fucking way
okay so that's why I'm breaking it up
into two different saves one you'll have
all the skins all the class mods or
whatever and then the other one will be
just the class mods so you can fucking
uh just have that shit buy it so cuz I
know how it is when you reload your save
and then now you got all these skins
you've already unlocked but uh that's
the whole reason but this one this this
video right here gonna be all the skins
and heads for Craig the psycho man
courtesy of my boy Chuck here and the
reason I haven't uploaded to save
because it's early in the fuckin morning
don't my have him drop most of the
fucking skins and heads but the skins
and hits this the skins and hands what
was I trying to say I'm fucking forgot
what the fuck I was trying to fuckin say
his kids are hit the all ones available
I think it's 87 to 1876 and said 1918 I
think there's one hand it may not be
uploaded yet there may be like a special
that's why you see that you know like
once and one here that you can buy so
and I'm ready to really talk about this
new cycle because he breathes fucking
fire you can friendlies watch this sheet
you see uh yeah
Brown clown here I can shoot this dude
you see how I can shoot him and that has
something to do with his skill tree that
skill set where he gets his action skill
back faster so you can friendly-fire
these dudes man and and what is a skill
trees this song game set will come out
with with the whole skill tree max he
has called dragon breath I'm gonna look
for it man but it's up one of the skill
trees where he can breathe fire okay so
let's uh get a couple of these heads and
a couple of let's hit the legendaries in
here and a couple of these purple ones
I'm not gonna sit up here and take too
long for you guys man I'm just gonna
unlock them real quick just to show
y'all some of this int and then his butt
job would come through here man like
always like I said man make sure you go
on ain't bad make sure y'all thank my
boy Chuck man the download link is down
there at the bottom of the fucking
description man make sure y'all drop a
like to this video man share it with
your fucking friends if you can't you
got friends out there they can't fucking
Duke do the game says make sure you do
for a man if you know you're able to do
that shit but those are the small set of
hands I'm not gonna like I say it pick
every one of the motherfuckers up okay
we'll go through some of the fucking
skins real fucking quick I think these
are just the ones okay
okay err don't sniff my nipples okay
anyways that's the video ladies and
gentlemen Oh like I said man make sure
you come through here man and get all
the skins and his few character like I
say download links down at the bottom
that goes another legendary stand that's
a classifier but uh yeah shout out to my
boy tuck shout out to all the hello
prove you're not stopping falling on me
you wouldn't got all the skins in here
go back to my channel rate comment
fuckin subscribe Holly